Update link to AppVeyor to point at the correct project. (#21)
gitextensions/gitextensions.pluginmanager: README.md

### Appveyor

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/cg2y7qojbugw7usg?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/gitextensions/gitextensions-pluginmanager)

### Browsing for packages

> PluginManager integrated into GitExtensions filters packages with dependency on `GitExtensions.Plugins`. This package is right now a kind of meta package and it is used to mark nuget packages intended as GitExtensions plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PluginManager integrated into Git Extensions filters packages with dependency on `GitExtensions.Plugins`. This package is right now a kind of meta package and it is used to mark ТгПуе packages intended as Git Extensions plugins.
```

Author: ✔
